April 29, 2025 Release Notes (#9566)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_help/release_notes/2025/4_29_25.md

**The older version of the integration will be deprecated on August 28, 2025. You must update to the newer version of the integration before August 28, 2025.**

New Braze customers: Starting April 2025, Braze will be gradually rolling out the new Shopify connector for new onboardings and upgrading existing customers. To learn more about the new standard integration, refer to [Shopify standard integration]({{site.baseurl}}/shopify_standard_integration/).

### Just Words - Dynamic Content

[Just Words]({{site.baseurl}}/partners/just_words/) hyper-personalizes messaging at scale on lifecycle marketing channels, empowering you to dynamically test hundreds of variations and auto-refresh underperforming content.

### Tapcart - eCommerce

[Tapcart]({{site.baseurl}}/partners/ecommerce/tapcart/) is a leading mobile commerce platform for Shopify-powered brands, enabling merchants to create custom mobile apps that deliver personalized, engaging shopping experiences their customers love.

## SDKs

### Braze SDK version management

> You can now [learn about version management]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/sdk_integration/version_management/) for the Braze SDK, so your app can stay up-to-date with the latest features and quality improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now learn about [version management]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/sdk_integration/version_management/) for the Braze SDK, so your app can stay up-to-date with the latest features and quality improvements.
```

### SDK docs audit

We're currently auditing all our [SDK content for developers]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/) to ensure all of our code samples are helpful and accurate. So far, we've made a variety of updates to our Android and Swift docs, and more are on the way.

## Contributing to Braze Docs

### Offline support for Braze contributors

If you’re a Braze Docs contributor, you can now generate your local docs site completely offline. To get started, see [Contributing to Braze Docs]({{site.baseurl}}/contributing/home/).

### Troubleshooting your Braze Docs fork

> For Braze Docs contributors having trouble targetting the our repository from their fork, we've [created troubleshooting steps]({{site.baseurl}}/contributing/troubleshooting/#missing-base-repository) to help get you back on track.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Braze Docs contributors having trouble targeting our repository from their fork, we've created [troubleshooting steps]({{site.baseurl}}/contributing/troubleshooting/#missing-base-repository) to help get you back on track.
```
